foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause]
[Music] thank you for joining me tonight I'm
very excited I'm very excited tonight we're going to open up some goodies
we're gonna look at those toxins we're going to look at a group of people
using those toxins and we're going to look at what it did to them and what they then did
to everyone around them tonight on lady Babylon Bible study we
will start with the rope in the cave if you let go of that rope
you will not make it out of the cave even for just a second
you hold that rope we're gonna look at that rope we're going to talk about
the mechanics of everything we're going to talk about the operation
of the mystery and we're going to talk about that poison source
that power of therapy
and we're going to dredge up in the process a Spanish Source old Spanish this is
going to be lovely welcome back to Lady Babylon
[Music]
foreign as usual I'm just going to take 30
minutes of your time and no more than that and then we'll head into a panel
with three of us that are ready to go I've grabbed I grabbed our Brit tonight and shook him up in a can of sand he is
wound up and ready to go so we'll see Rob and snappy and Neil at the end here
to digest and commentate thank you guys
um welcome back so tonight I want to start with some texts and I want to put
your mind in the mode of the ancient scythian
horseback culture poison using
cannabis Toten shaman who follow the virgin
yeah I want us to put ourselves back in the ship kind of set it for that direction and I'd like to chewy give me
our first text please I just want to remind everybody of what we're here for I just want to read this to you for a
couple let me get situated here for a couple
uh uh translation myself so this is andromedical steriac everybody you knew
this this is the stuff we're talking about with Nero has access to this right he's the one who's sending his archmage
or his archeatrous out to go get the the formula right we need it we need this
compound um for the riot fantastic and I'm just going to translate a little bit for you
it's his theory act derived from the echidni right a group priestesses who
involved um poisons specifically Viper poisons Viper poisons
good let's keep reading hear me Caesar
great Nero and let me tell you about the
Incredible strength of the mini-throned antidote
this is The Giver of life
that can be lived without fear an unassailable freedom
yes Let Me Tell You Nero about Hilaria Hilaria
Hilaria this is hilarious we are approaching the Hilaria if we are Romans
we are approaching the Hilaria and what are we going to do when we get into the
Hilaria we're going to honor the great mother
we're going to bring our people's focus upon the dying
and the resurrection yes this is you know set in stone for
long before the any of the Bible is sitting there right so
um this is what we're going to do we're going to celebrate it here we're going to call this compound drug compound drug
the polypharmicon polypharmicon we're gonna I believe we have the term
I should be right on it there we go thanks Chewie look at this Polo Pharma
cross he gives us andromicus opwood Galen right from Galen
um and we see that polu thronos the mini throne right and from the Candor so what is
something that is Paulo pharmacose it's a compound a substance that is made up of multiple
different um singularities uh the Romans love to
write books about drugs and whether they were samples
or compounds they had to step up on our Pharmacy today and I want to talk about
that I want to talk about the next level of where you take this knowledge keep
your hand on that cord that cord through the cave is the pharmacology right we all worship
reason here right it is the pharmacology so let's see how
um what we can do with give give us back her text yeah so he says Caesar let me tell you about it it's Hilaria right and
it's called the calm it's called the calm that which brings you Joy or that which calms the storm
that is calmed um you could think of it as a drug name
right and what it does it calms the storm great therapy fantastic and it's called
good God good God why because we're talking about possession we're talking about
possession in the Renaissance of the pharmacology is we
push into that Frontier again in an attempt to bring Health to people
this ancient methodology will be revivified
yes it will they'll explain it with Better Math yeah better math and maybe some computer
modeling but it will resurface it will resurface that knowledge that's
what the hope of the museum is that's why we create a museum here people have
been asking me what are we doing right which way are we going to go which direction this this right
um we stay with the museum we stay with reason keep your hand on that cord we're talking about the pharmacology chewy
bring that up again text so what is this thing going to do this drug that I'm taking it is it is going
to take you through that Dark Harbor and don't worry
it doesn't matter that you have taken the poppy
it doesn't matter that you have taken the hemlock
it doesn't matter that you have taken Z
death bringing drugs and when I say death bring I mean
um clinically uh technically um this the jargon
oh the day the death Bringers right it's a class of drug death Bringers
like that opium that we just talked about so um what we're seeing is a nice uh uh
rendition of the formulation of the compound Sacrament that was used in Ritu
in Ritu that induces this state and this is the state this post-death
state fantastic um and it doesn't matter I'll just run through zip through quick it doesn't
matter yeah says andromicus it doesn't matter that
this thing uh that you've had that you've been exposed to is the Viper
or the asp it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
why would it not matter and why would you be exposing yourself to these things
so that you can become immune we've talked about this and for most of you this is review
okay but we've come this far and now I want to continue and show you
what the significance is of that formulation
with another ghost let's bring up
here we go yeah Calderon there we go first one
there we go oh no up here yes okay so
um look we're in the 17th century sailing in the 17th century we're gonna make our first stop here jump out roll
out right of the time machine here we go we're talking about um uh plays
um and we're talking about very well educated
um Gent with access to classical knowledge access to classical knowledge and he is
going to tell us through his sources about Cersei and if I'm good enough as a
classical philologist I can show you where his sources are that's what's cool
about it so anyway um here we go I just want to read to you this translation right old Spanish I
don't do it I just doesn't not my thing and I wouldn't ever pretend for it to be
okay but look at these the this is a 19th century translation when people
still valued Calderon right okay it's okay he's still here right the professor friend of mine is going to give me a
hard time okay um he says uh conquering adverse fate
you have come bearing these Divine flowers with thee this is Odysseus
coming and this is Cersei and Odysseus interacting right and Odysseus has shown up with a plant
that's been given to him by Iris a plant okay and um yeah he says uh
bearing these Divine flowers with the which are beauteous antidotes
which are God sent exorcisms
against deadly poisoned giraffes against magical bewitchments
right so for the for the hardcore pharmacologists or talks person
right um yeah I don't go into the
into the witchery I'm sorry uh you're gonna have to you're gonna have to because there's a
there's an entire language to describe these different states yeah and um and the use of these drugs
these compounds yes in order to create the communion okay blast that off there
let's go back good um good uh next let's go next to the
boom here's another one this is what iris you know says
see this floral Branch I bear jammed with buds that floor attended it will be
the antidote against cersei's poison secrets
nice nice
who is this Cersei in order to bring her up we're gonna have to go get Alice from Alice in
Wonderland this is the Oxford Greek Lexicon middle of the 19th century knowing many
drugs or charms great who does that look at the first word we've got there in
Greek those are doctors you see the reference is The Iliad 16.
so at least by Homer's time right we have this concept this is an
old old concept who else is this way she is one of these knowing drugs or
charms what is a charm a charm biochemist friend of mine
is a something that you put inside of your
body that causes you to enter a state
yeah okay beginning of the Psychedelic Renaissance here we go let's let's bring
that back up that definition please thank you Chewie who else do we call this Polo pharmacos many drugged
um pie on Pion all right pie on who's who is Pion
e who is Pion um yeah just come back to me
um Pion is the rapeutic manifestation
yeah the great Archer
yeah the great Archer who by his poison brought to you by the serpents
he brings both death and life
yeah people always wondered about that when I was in graduate school why is it why is it it's a healing cult it's but
he's the god of death right right it's because you have to keep your hand on that rope and that rope is the
pharmacology okay look at these cultures and look what they're doing look what they're
using right Calderon is using specific sources bring up the next please
notice that he describes Cersei as negro Mante
encantadora in ergumina now excuse me if I mispronounce that but I'm he's showing
you the words in the original that he's using for necromancer a singer or enchanter
right and one who is controlled by die monase he just stole a Greek word he
just stole it I saw that dirty Calderon I saw him he just Dove back there into
the pool of antiquity and he's swam and he pulled up a word out of it and he
gave it to his people I thought that's a that's a person worth honoring
right there I I admire that okay next I think we've got one more cholera
here this is we're describing Cersei right we're describing Cersei and she says
that great star whose undiminished power and Beauty let alone captive day untired
delighted was my splinter Crown fire nice all of these children Cersei and
Medea that we talk about they are the granddaughters of the Sun
yes the granddaughters of the Sun within our cult
of sun moon and stars so when I talk about darkening the Sun
right when I talk about the power of the Moon these are the things this geometry
is coming from Antiquity and this Spaniard is swimming he's swimming in it
love it and what does he say being of Medea is kindred
I with her a child was reared in thessally as a sister
she was reared with her in thessally as a sister and why is this important that we bring up thessally
hold on to the Rope that's in the cave guys hold on to the Rope it's the drugs
drug Origins thessally is known for having the most Bountiful Supply
of extremely toxic drugs
that's where all the witches come from right why because it's where they get
their things right it's where they get their craft right as soon as your Market as soon as your Market goes to Rome you get all
this stuff in Rome you got witches in Rome you got witches in Rome picking up dead bodies not picking them up but from
the pile where they put them after the circus um taking their organs and harvesting
why for the sake of chemistry dote and antidote right we have sources that say the
beginning of medicine the very the very beginning of medicine the beginning of
medicine is not uh Hippocrates right what's going on a
thousand years before Hippocrates dote and antidote
experimentation with toxins these are cultures that have way more
knowledge way more knowledge about human physiology than you understand
or that we've been led to believe yeah they're actually engineering people with
polypharmaceutical compounds fantastic okay so
polypharmacy is one of the things that we want to talk about you can talk about treating treating illness or condition
by means of a drug and you can add many drugs to it and have polypharmacy have a
multi-pronged level fighting of medicine there's another layer there's a higher dimension
there's the next step up and that's what we're doing tonight
is showing you how not to treat the person
with the drug but to give the person the drug
whose body will then become the dispenser
of the communion this brings health
and Youth yeah
yeah that is this why Cersei and the god of
healing share the same epithet polifarmacon
yeah polypharmacy it's the way to go there's a we'll get to the 3D model I
want to get to that next let's go to the next source I wanted to throw this gent in this
little bit Anonymous I give you numbness every time every time I try to see you just because it's not us yeah horse a
pawn we're looking at line 68.
Jose pon episode [Music]
that says um so and so speaking I'm convinced
melanous yeah who is the oyster bolon who is the Archer
one of the archers is trying to convince him to do something right one of the archers he convinces and it says who is
this man Mela nails he isn't a man who is
given over inspirationally a man who enters into a state
that state they call the eremon and I'm about to show you the link but who enters into a state by means of
the ostrus he specifically names the substance the compound that they're
using yeah the oysters by using the oistress
he enters into the state of literally in the Greek it says of mind
wandering wealth mind wandering wealth
yeah so um we have these bow people
who are associated with colors and drugs let's look next Passage
this is great and great let's let's close in I just want to look at you Donut oh that verb for what the
gentleman was in when he was a state this drug state is that shaken driven
inspiration that buzz that buzz and they use this verb with
another next with another phrase
overcome inspirationally overcome pharmacologically by Eros
take take that down should we overcome One Moment by the Eros and they
are talking about a drug you're talking about psychedelics
I'm talking about that Realm that they will take you to and they had
an expression overcome by this Eros what is this Eros
um imagine a remember that Eros is an Archer whose arrows
are able to do two things to attract or repel and the power is was considered to do
that was considered a cosmic power
let's see the compulsion and I want I want you to watch this I'm going to show it to you twice and I'm going to ask you
a different question both times this time I want you to look
for the god of compulsion that is in this
um in this document
of the phenomenon that happened in recent history
[Music]
[Music] foreign
foreign
so that was the accusation right Bacchus always brings to Aphrodite and it's
entering a state I know that wasn't what you were expecting but that state was a
drug influenced State a religious expression
brought to you by the miracle of your own body's drugs
the idea behind the mystery is not producing a drug and getting it into an
organism the idea is taking over that organism's
body to produce the effects
that you desire and if you are one of those lucky people
to have gone through the process into have seen what they all see
you too would be born again you would have that experience and you
would see that reality we've got I've got one more text I've got to get it to you quickly got to get
it to you quickly Chewie can you pull the next one up yeah okay I just want to do a little bit
this is Bible study right so what does this have to do with the Bible and I'm going to read you just a little bit of
the Apocalypse chapter 17 and I hope that you're able to see it now like you
weren't able to see it before Kai elephant Angela so there came one of these seven
angels who was holding sevenfielas feel us what is a fiately oh it's a bowl
or a pan it's a saucer um look around the definition look at B there under number two and you'll see
that it's used for anguents yes
it would be a filet there she's stretching out those proportions
she's preparing right that [__] we talked about [__]
as being that drug that is used by the Uranian cult right that dank
desire right dank desire that's the ode that's the ode that they are using
right it's not the Chanel but dank
yeah okay um and please the next slide
yeah okay um and there was a woman there was a oh go back up the one before
sorry guys we need to enforce so one of the Seven Angels comes out and he's he's got these they all have these Bulls
right these preparation balls for drugs a bunch of drug users right this is a drug using this passage is so drenched
in drugs and drug culture and cult that you will not you will come away from this drenched and awake yes and um yeah
he said call to me he said come here he said I'll show you the Judgment of that
porn a that [__] that great [__] the one that sits on
the many Waters yeah with whom the kings of the Earth
within the kings of the Earth have coordinated
yes and have become drunk everybody's become drunk where they become drunk on
to oinuses take it down
we've discussed pornea and you know that if you look it up and Alice it'll tell
you it's either fornication and uh um yeah fornication just let's leave it
with that fornication and I or idolatry right you're like what how does sex and
then church what do they have many things to do with each other well now they don't but at one time they did
and the integration of that orgasm bring us the bring us the uh
yeah here we go show us that one the orgasmos right coming from Oregon
just means to swell to the point of bursting to swell to the point of
bursting that's why we call the riots the orgies it's the same root right so
you'll see you'll see this concept kind of come up
and regenerate itself right and you'll see this on the
um cult side and medical side excuse me on the cold side of the medical side so okay next
um uh back to that passage please yeah and there was a woman seated there
yeah um let's see she is cut she's covered oh
this is great I wanted to bring this one up because we've seen this word before right Perry Barlow just means to throw
around rise probably here it's the same word that I
translated before is rap with the naked boy that was with Jesus when he was arrested at 4am that naked boy was
wrapped yeah using the same word this time she's
wrapped with what that purple and the coconut and I've
shown you guys the poor fiery and for the chemists who are here the poor fiery
is one of the keys to the burning purple the burning purple is what they call a
compound right okay so bring us uh bring us back up text please so here she is in her
robes in her robes that are those dyes that
contain those dies and look at this
yeah scarlet color Scarlet clothes but I want you to notice at the bottom the
word buffai on barfi right that comes from the word
baptizo that's that dying word so we're talking about dyes and the use
of dyes and Antiquity and here she is go ahead bring up the text again
please thank you and so there was a there was a woman and she's covered in this these
different died things yeah the poor fiery and yeah it must have been
beautiful right and she's really decked out right she's gold studified right
gold and jewels valuable Jews too timi and I honored you know uh esteemed
Jewels you don't want somebody to steal them right and Pearls yeah and what does she have
please
there we go no that's the buffet there's the dipping people for the oh don't you
love it the dying oh wait a minute you mean you can halfway down the page you
can see the buffet the arrow is dipped in the hydra's blood
yeah now you know what Heracles was doing right Heracles is part of the cult not
only that but there are cult Sinners to Heracles all over the ancient world
become because he becomes the sauteed within the cult and look
it's in the fingerprint of the word bathos right you can't change that you can't
have an antinomian step up and say blah blah blah blah right it's evident sorry no it's just
language no theories here to argue I have no theories put down your
pitchfork be honest yes right what's the evidence the
evidence is that there's a lot of drugs and dyes and funny things going on here
what happens to this um woman yeah she's uh oh what is she she's
carrying uh that that potato on in her hand that cop in her hand yeah and she's got um these
these baton these
abominable purgations these these these
running oh substances that flood out when you
have catharsis she's got that oh yeah thanks Chewie by the way the
drinking cup of they're using it notice that it's a drinking cup or wine cup in the beginning and but then number two is
the cop of the Eucharist right so this same word is being used for very very
specific mystery religion purposes yeah okay and then we look look at the
next I believe we've got another definition yeah [Music] Abomination these are those off-runnings
what are this these the Abominations of the Abominations
excuse me you guys recognize that from eremon this is just eres Moses right an
abstract noun it is the Wilderness these
right these abominable things produce this
off running this catharsis bring the text up one more time this this drawing
away right of the things that are
that are unclean right what are they what's their source
there's a nice genitive there taste pornos I'll taste all right where are we getting these
Runnings these pollutions these abominable things we're getting it from
her pornea from her pornea
okay I wanted people to see a poly
pharmaceutical operation here tonight I wanted them to see the preparation of
the cup and that the process here is taking the
individual and transforming the individual
so that the individual can then transform others around them
yeah it's a brilliant brilliant use of
pharmacology you're not trying to fight the disease
you're not trying to fight the disease
but outside of that beyond that you are trying to tune
the body you are trying to tend the body so that
the body becomes itself the administrator of the communion
and this process which is described um that length is the mystery
that ultimately comes down to you when you hear a Christian say you know
celebrations or it is a mystery they're not saying it the same way they don't
know that any of that background is back there it's sitting right in front of them right I mean look at this we're
just reading out of the Bible right it's there all you have to do is pull it out give
me that last quote please Chewie in yeah
there was a name written on her head What's that name a lot of people oh the
translations screw this up so bad right musterion was hurt
and that was the name and then after it we have a kind of a
lengthy description of what that musterion means that musterion is
Babylon hemegales
that is the mother the great mother
we are in March in a few uh in just a few days they'll
be celebrating in Rome of 2000 years ago
they will be celebrating then the rights of this very same Divinity
you missed the title like some of my students got it but
the titles that you have of Jesus right all you have to do is plug them in and
find them in the mystery religions of the pagans that were happening 1600 to
2600 years previously and you'll find that those are very
specific deities very specific functions right the savior who is the savior
right it's it's um it's the language that'll show you that reality and that's what I hope to
bring to people is that that reality um this is the great mother
that we're talking about this is Lady Babylon yes I want to show you that Elvis video
One More Time only this time I want you to find the moment
of the rights Peak the orge right the orgasmus right I
want you to see that find that point that religious point because that's the
point we are shooting for in the right the stretching imagine it this way the
taking of that moment and making it into a present
eternity yeah give us one more time look for the look
for the um the budding the bursting
[Music]
[Applause] [Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] uh
um
foreign [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
side effects and so far they're very positive
thank you for coming tonight we're going to bring on now the our three guests who
are going to give us each at a time their own impression of tonight's Arena where we are with
Lady Babylon I want to start with Neil I want to start with Neil and as we bring
on Neil I want to say Neil could you please tell me the impression of a man
who truly honors the museum yeah you couldn't have said it any
better when you said it's not just about taking the drug it's about the rights it's about the the
uh the action so I'm going to give you an example first of all it's one of the point something out real quick the uh
the the plant that the roots are cut from that have the highest content of DMT which is Acacia also happens to
produce a blood red dye I wonder if that's a coincidence or not but that's all in our topic for another day I have
a quick passage that I want to read that just highlights what you said if you don't mind it's five seconds long it's
about Alexander the Great from Aryan okay this is from Aryan book five uh
chapter 2 verses five through seven they're in India Alexander is all the
way to the other side of the continent and all of his men are kind of getting tired and they're kind of losing
confidence all of a sudden a sudden desire this is why I'm this is why I'm
rocking the ivy diadem you're gonna see why it's not about just the drug it's about putting on the diet and listen to
this a sudden desire sees Alexander to visit a certain
Memorial of Dionysus that the nissians boasted in India he went to mount meros
with his companions and the Infantry and he saw the mountain abounded with Ivy
and Laurel and the Groves of all kind it was thickly shaded and had a manner of
wild beasts to hunt the macedonians glad to see the ivy
which is on my head right now uh for a long time as there was none else in India
and not else where there and not elsewhere there's Vines either eagerly they fashioned the REITs and Don them at
once and saying dionysus's Praises calling on the God by his various names
Alexander's sacrificed there to Dionysus and feasted with his companions some
have reported the Inner Circle the initiates having crowned themselves
with the ivy invoked the god were possessed by Dionysus honored him with
cries of Eva Eva yake and flew into a bakic frenzy
that's Aryan awesome awesome awesome
area look at that man dredge up that's a servant of the Muse that's a serving The
Muse that'll dredge up a dead guy like that and say speak to us that's necromancy I love it Neil I love it Neil
Snappy give us your impression or your two cents on tonight
what I keep thinking about and I keep coming back to is this the drugs cause
us to die right they take you to that moment and what's clear to me is that
orgasmos and that death moment are the same the point is to die and then extend
that right to it's like this Paradox you see the same thing in the myth of the
core right she gets sacrificed in that destruction is is it's both a horrendous
loss but an infinite gain it's where we see that Paradox of uh the goddesses
power at play right it's both creation and destruction it's that cosmogonic arrows like you were describing with the
arrows right both the force of division and the force of return happening at
once that's what I got brilliant Brilliance okay for anybody who was able
to keep up with that Brilliance um I particularly like the idea that you have those opposites because that is so
both that destruction and that creation because that is so orific
um okay that's gonna bring me to question number two for you Snappy but Rob question question number one yeah
your thoughts tonight um your two cents I hope you're I hope you're fired up
no I'm not fired up at all I'm here for the drugs that's what that that's two years ago today well not
today two years ago either today or yesterday I initiated a quest for these drugs
that's where I wanna I wanna find these drugs I uh listen to the part you
podcast on sacred speaks and from that point on I've been trying to find these
drugs and trying to understand these mystery rights and I can't explain there's loads of
theories there's lots to discuss but I can't I can't I can't Define them
all we can do is look at the sources and where we're getting
these drugs from because these drugs are from the ancient world we need to look at the ancient sources that's what
you're doing and I love it I can't I can't I can't say any any more than that I haven't got any profound
comment on that's where my standpoint is on that
question fantastic fantastic so that's nice look
you've shown where the draw is right you came here for the drugs in the first place you wanted to see the history you
wanted to you know you wanted the reality totally respectable okay I have
a question for everybody and then I'm just going to let people throw out what they want um Snappy and I were talking a little
bit earlier about the the connection you know
um Neil mentioned it very very nicely um with his little episode with
Alexander that was a nice cut into this but we have this thing between East and West right it seems to follow like a
pattern of um the transmission of knowledge and of drugs right
um can you tell us something about just mention I know it's not everybody's area of expertise right I just want to you
know discuss how about some gypsies perhaps Snappy yeah right so one thing that and when
anamon and I were talking earlier we were going over like I'm going to be doing an episode on my podcast with Dion
where we're going to be breaking down the tire mystery which is connected to Hercules and is connected to the cult of
Mary Salome and to the Phoenicians and uh eventually it winds up making its way
to Alexandria and it makes its way eventually to Spain what's interesting
about all of this is you also have the gypsies following a very or the Roma people also following a very similar
kind of trajectory so the story goes and some archaeological evidence to support
this as well is that um most of the aroma people are employed by Alexander the Great and are brought
to Alexandria to be musicians and then later on there's a diaspora and they're
forced out of Alexandria and they wind up making their way to Spain and all of this becomes really significant because
we also have uh the labors of Hercules which talk about Cadiz and the pillars
and they recently just found a temple to Hercules in 2022 you know so and it goes
right back to what you were saying with the with the castle magic as well it like it there's so much of a deep
connection here and there's all of this thing with the trade routes in the the this Tyrion purple and how it makes its
way across the Mediterranean basically yeah it's there's something about that
die cartel you know what I mean that's transmitting along with it
um this kind of spirit this bachic spirit with it yes um I see Neil is
waving his drugs in the air right it's fantastic that the the group because they talk
about the root Cutters and the sources it's all root Cutters media sir just happens to be
the the plant in South America and in Tibet that has the highest num
percentage of DMT content also produces a red blood red dye it makes you wonder
was this this is this another species of the same thing that these sources are writing about they describe it to a T
Roots cut that produce dye and psychedelic experiences
it's too it's identical now Neil explained to explain the uh the audience
please um you're talking about the acacia root which is what you're yeah what you're
which is perfectly legal people so it is
so you're talking about kind of a complex um but doable chemistry there
um uh fantastic and all right what do you think then of the Dyers you know
we've had these descriptions of The Phoenician eyes and the mouth being dyed
right like they're exposing themselves yeah and oh it doesn't the experience
it's not I'm not just talking about when you went to a party each other you took a couple hits mushrooms and you the room
looked cool and there were some the walls are breathing I'm not talking about that I'm talking about literally
being in another dimension I'm not saying that figuratively you
literally go somewhere else and you literally will speak to something I don't know whether you want to call it
a god you want to call it it's something else that literally will happen I don't care what you believe in that could happen
it's fact so Neil how does that how do we integrate that into medicine then
because that's where the um science is going how do you bring this all down
into you know the therapeutic world can can we resurrect these riots because
these are ancient healing rights can we resurrect these rights is there you know
should we be looking into how to do this as far as I know it's been healing
people's depression long term as far as I know I haven't heard of any any downsides at all yet as far as I'm
talking like in controlled settings and and people doing not just going crazy and doing their people doing this for
real and being serious and being appropriate with it as far as I know it's people when that's been done the right way it's been 100 right perfect
there's been nothing no overdoses enough just people being healed depression oh
you know mental health issues all all types of wide-ranging things even people becoming more alert and more
enlightened as it results changing like life-changing stuff okay so here's my
question based on that here's my question for everybody and we'll finish with this
um watching Elvis and watching that spell that takes place if we were to combine
here's my question can we combine sexuality
with psychedelic drug use to achieve healing
yeah and just real quick I know I keep talking but you the sexuality part is
important because it's not just about taking the substance it's about playing the part it's about the music it's about
the atmosphere it's about meditation it's about how you enter the state so
you don't you the drug doesn't do all the work for you you do half the work by getting into that state
so yes yeah I was just gonna basically go I'll go along those lines what's key here is
the image right one of the most important things like you can't just be having the drugs without the image
itself it's the image that we're trying to invoke that's going to take us through the right and if you look at the
rights there's all this procession right it's not enough to Simply die you have to die and be reborn and then you have
to invoke that image that everyone sees right like this is the key here and what
I also want to highlight is just that we see a lot of these kind of mysteries surviving and healing people in our
modern day like we can look at Ayahuasca we can look at ibogain and while they're
different and they're not the same there is a there is a healing aspect that is survived and there is a transformative
kind of death and rebirth that happens that these people go through there is a communication with the ancestors it's a
similar kind of process and I think like the more we learn to understand these drugs and approach this scientifically
we can try to recreate that and understand what this experience even really truly is
nice nice Rob you've got the last response we're talking drugs cult and
sex it's all yours oh that's a good book the the the the
eyes and the mouth for you yeah um
what what can you see what what can you do with
with this what what are the possibilities among that that's I'm I've
got a question not not a response I've got a question what are the possibilities of resurrecting this right
because there's no doubt there's no doubt we're getting um positive responses with psychedelic treatments no
doubt especially in uh PST in post-traumatic stress
for sure we definitely again and then end of life there's terrific results
there isn't a complete across the board such as the the there is there are other
aspects to it which I'm not going to go into but this what we discuss and the mystery and
and the riots in the mystery is is like a ladder there's there's ladders that
you climb there's like um so you go the Alice in your Mysteries you'll go and
perform those rights and the Very the The Very Organized and the kind of
guaranteed to have this mystical experience you kind of guaranteed to go there and nobody ever complains not put
it that way and everybody like going um but that's not exactly the cave of
draconius there's there's different places that you'll go to and there's different levels and different
experiences from what I can gather I'm I'm not sure that it's just one simple
method I think you've got like you've got different psychedelics at play you've got different you've got lsds
lsas you've got salocybin you've got DMT you you've got different drugs that are
being formulated in an ancient setting in an ancient world now that can't you
can't arrive at that with the Modern Chemistry that we've got I can't get there with the Modern Chemistry we've
got I'm trying we're trying to get there and we need some serious assistance we
need by biochemical assistance to resurrect this right that's what we
require and that's where we need to go into and get kind of some professional
advice from somebody in these fields that we need to go into you know you're
not going to get there unless you you're getting this help from somebody out there we need we need this help in my
opinion but it's a very interesting scenario because
the mystery that we discussed that we are discussing the the mystery that galen's describing the mystery that
might is going on in Gethsemane these these these rights what we're
talking about um are rather different to the alisanian Mysteries they're under the Mysteries
but I think the separate ones I think um Dionysus represents a different type of
mystery with romeoce I think that weird means a heck of a lot and I'd like to
investigate that I'd like to go into it which brings me to an announcement of a
Discord um I'm going to be as quick as I can but the Discord if you find the Discord
then you might be on the Discord I'm gonna leave it at that what I'm going to show you is it took me a while
um two years ago I'll show the sacred speech podcast so I'd try and I I I spent three days in
frantic research I arrived at a boy called talisforos and I wanted to
contact Aman and it was uncontactable you couldn't get hold of him no it was virtually
impossible there was no web search there was no way you could go to find him and I had to find him and I found him and
I'm here today and I'd suggest and I hope anybody who wants to get to the
Discord is either there already or knows the way and and I'm gonna leave it at that with
the Discord I don't cause any controversy with this it's an investigation into what these episodes
produced I'll leave it there thank you fantastic so Rob
Snappy and Neil three obvious cultists
who want to be resurrecting ancient riots I'm speaking
to you evangelicals now you see what a service I'm doing because this movement
is being reborn right it's being reborn there is a time when the Dragon
is released yes love it you guys fantastic
um beautiful comments thank you so much for taking your time to join me and to contribute and until next time hail
Satan hail Satan [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
just put on different masks and ask the questions that that fell around